musculoskeletal pain ("breakbone fever"); 
Musculoskeletal pain affects the bones, muscles, ligaments, tendons, and nerves.
Headache
leukopenia 
biphasic saddleback fever itself is classically biphasic in nature, breaking and then returning for one or two days, although there is wide variation in how often this pattern actually happens
 maculopapular rash is a type of rash characterized by a flat, red area on the skin that is covered with small confluent bumps.which begins on trunk and spreads centrifugally to extremities and face

Pruritus simply means itching.
Hyperesthesia (or hyperaesthesia) is a condition that involves an abnormal increase in sensitivity to stimuli of the sense.
(SOME CASES)

Defervescence Return to normal body temperature after high fever.
A petechia  is a small (1-2mm) red or purple spot on the body, caused by a minor hemorrhage on extremeties
(SOME CASES)

retroorbital pain - Pain Behind the Eyes (Retro Orbital Pain)
Adenopathy, also referred to as lymphadenopathy, is the enlargement of lymph nodes

Macular rash is a type of skin rash which is indicative of underlying problem. It is seen in the form of tiny red spots on some areas of the skin. (1st day)

Myalgia, or muscle pain

Arthralgia  literally means joint pain;

epistaxis or gumbleeding
Nausea is a sensation of unease and discomfort in the upper stomach with an involuntary urge to vomit
Vomiting



Typhoid Fever
Abdominal pain (or stomach ache) 
Diarrhea (AmE) is the condition of having three or more loose or liquid bowel movements per day
headache
Myalgia, or muscle pain
Hepatosplenomegaly (commonly abbreviated HSM) is the simultaneous enlargement of both the liver (hepatomegaly) and the spleen (splenomegaly). 
maculopapular rash
most prominent symptom is prolonged fever (38.8°–40.5°C; 101.8°–104.9°F), which can continue for up to 4 weeks if untreated.
Gastrointestinal symptoms included anorexia (55%), abdominal pain (30–40%), nausea (18–24%), vomiting (18%), and diarrhea (22–28%) more commonly than constipation (13–16%). 
Physical findings included coated tongue (51–56%), 

Bradycardia sometimes results in fatigue, weakness, dizziness and at very lower rates fainting 
Malaise (/m?'le?z/ mal-aze) is a feeling of general discomfort or uneasiness, of being "out of sorts",
epistaxis nosebleed is the relatively common occurrence of hemorrhage from the nose, usually noticed when the blood drains out through the nostrils
Borborygmus is a rumbling or gurgling noise that occurs from the movements of fluid and gas in the intestines.

Gastrointestinal bleeding or gastrointestinal hemorrhage describes every form of hemorrhage (loss of blood) in the gastrointestinal tract, from the pharynx to the rectum.


Malaria fever

lack of a sense of well-being
headache
fatigue - tiredness
abdominal discomfort
muscle aches
fever
prominence of headache
chest pain
abdominal pain
arthralgia
myalgia
diarrhea
Nausea
vomiting
chills

Although headache may be severe in malaria, there is not neck stiffness or photophobia as occurs in meningitis. While myalgia may be prominent, it is not usually as severe as in dengue fever, and the muscles are not tender as in leptospirosis or typhus. Nausea, vomiting, and orthostatic hypotension are common. The classic malarial paroxysms, in which fever spikes, chills, and rigors occur at regular intervals

The fever is irregular at first (that of falciparum malaria may never become regular); the temperature of nonimmune individuals and children often rises above 40°C in conjunction with tachycardia and sometimes delirium.